DAMOCLES

--OVERVIEW--

For between 2-6 players. Players take turns manipulating a central circle containing seven tokens. The tokens resemble five of the Greek gods:
Hades (red), Poseidon (blue), Artemis (green), Demeter (gold) and Nyx (black). Players also own tiles called codices. The codices become
active when the position of the tokens on the codex match the position present in the central circle. Codices have different functions, but
all are concerned with the generation of more codices. When a codex is successfully played, the number of pips is counted and added to the
player's score. The game ends after each player has made ten turns. The player with the highest score wins and seizes control of Damocles,
allowing them to rule and subjugate Earth with an iron fist.

--SETUP MECHANICS--

1. Deal eight codices to all players. Each player discards two codices. Each player begins the game with six codices.
2. Each player takes turns placing a token in the central circle until the circle is filled. The first cycle begins with the turn of the next
player upon the central circle being filled. The game lasts ten complete cycles.

--TURN MECHANICS--

1. Play Haste, if available.
2. Perform one (two with Haste) internal or external swap on the central circle. An internal swap is an exchange between two tokens currently
in the central circle. An external swap is an exchange between one token currently in the central circle and one token in an external bank.
The external bank contains four of each type of token.
3. Play Manipulaton codices (except Haste), if available. Enact the effects of these codices.
4. Play other codices.
5. Discard all consumable codices that were played.

--SCORING--

Each codex is worth the number of pips on the codex. For example, Nyx (1,3) is worth two points. Generate, Combust, and Oracle codices are 
worth three points. One/Two/Three codices are worth 2/3/4 points, respectively. Haste codices are worth one point. Reflex and Annex codices 
are worth two points. Lyse, Sacrifice, and Eviscerate (all future additions) are worth 3/4/5 points, respectively. Codices are scored upon
their initial play; they cannot be scored twice.

--CODEX TYPES--

Symbols: Generate (G), Combust (C), Oracle (O), 1/2/3, Haste (H), Reflex (R), [Annex (A), Lyse (L), Sacrifice (S), Eviscerate (E)] (future)

Definitions: 
Permanent: Presence throughout the game is unaffected by whether it is played or activated.
Consumed: Upon initial play, the codex is immediately discarded, not to be used again.

Generate - A Production type codex. Permanent. Playing this simultaneously with a Number type codex grants the player N codices, where N is 
determined by the Number codex played. Cannot be played alone. Can be played more than once per turn if multiple Number codices are valid.

Combust - A Production type codex. Consumed. Playing this simultaneously with a Number type codex grants the player N + 1 codices, where N 
is determined by the Number codex played. The Combust codex is scored, then discarded and may not be used again. Cannot be played alone.

Oracle - A Production type codex. Permanent. Playing this simultaneously with a Number type codex grants the player N + 2 codices, from which
the player must choose N to keep and two to discard. Cannot be played alone. Can be played more than once per turn if multiple Number codices
are valid.

1/2/3 - Number type codices. Permanent. Playing these simultaneously with Production type codices grants the player N codices, defined by the
value of the Number codex. Can be played more than once per turn if multiple Production codices are valid.

Haste - A Manipulaton type codex. Consumed. If Haste is played prior to any other action on a player's turn, that player may perform two
internal or external swaps instead of one. The Haste codex is then discarded, not to be used again. After performing two swaps, the player
may play other codices. Haste may be played after swapping, but this is generally inferior as this confers no extra swap bonus and only makes
sense to do if the player has multiple Hastes with limited turns remaining. Hastes do not stack.

Reflex - A Manipulaton type codex. Consumed. After swapping, Reflex may be played. Reflex allows one subsequent codex of any type to be played
ignoring any blank space indicated by the codex. For example, a One Number codex of Demeter (1,4) may be played if the central board state is
Demeter (1,2) or Demeter (1,3). Number and Production codices still must be played in conjunction, but other codices (such as additional
Reflex codices, Annex, or future codices) may also be played with this qualifier. After use, the Reflex codex is then discarded.

Annex (unused) - A Manipulaton type codex. Consumed. After swapping, Annex may be played. Annex allows the player to use an opponent's played
Production or Number codex in conjunction with their own codex, facilitating playing of a codex. For example, Annex allows a player to play
a Combust Production codex of [Hades (1), Nyx (3,6)] using an opponent's One Number codex of Hades (1,4) rather than one's own Number codex.
Annex codices do not stack.

Lyse (future) - A Destruction type codex. Consumed. After swapping, Lyse may be played. Lyse allows the player to destroy one of each 
opponent's played codices.

Sacrifice (future) - A Destruction type codex. Consumed. After swapping, Sacrifice may be played. The player selects a played Codex to
discard, then destroys two of each opponent's played codices.

Eviscerate (future) - A Destruction type codex. Consumed. After swapping, Eviscerate may be played. Eviscerate allows the player to destroy 
two of each opponent's played codices.
